Hi.
And welcome to the section on variables.
So in this section we're going to look at memory references.
And in that context we'll take a look at what variables really are.
We tend to think of variables as names that we can assign values to that we can read values back from.
But there's a little more to it than just that.
And so we'll look at variables in the context of memory references.
We'll also look at memory management and in particular we'll take a look at something called reference
counting and we'll also look at something called garbage collection.
Now these two things are not quite the same thing.
And we'll look at the differences between those two.
And we'll also take a look at why it's important for us to understand that.
Next we'll look at Dynamic versus static typing.
Now Python is a dynamically typed language as opposed to other languages like Java or swift or C++ which
are statically typed languages.
After that we'll look at mutability and immutability.
Now you probably already are aware of these concepts but immutability has some little wrinkles to it
that will examine the section then we'll look at something called shared references.
This is where variables share the same area in memory they share the same object and so we'll take a
look at what that means in terms of variables and also in terms of functions when we call functions
and pass variables to them what's going on behind the scenes.
Then we'll look at variable equality.
Now we tend to think of variable equality as well if they have the both the same value they're equal.
But they can also be other instances where maybe we're not talking about the values but something else.
So we'll take a look at variable equality again in the context of memory references.
And then lastly will look at the fact that in Python everything is an object.
So you know the variables that we're used to like integers and strings and lists are all objects but
everything else is an object to.
Functions are objects right.
Classes obviously are going to be objects when you instantiate them but classes themselves are actually
objects as well.
So we'll take a look at that concept in Python and this actually will follow through in all the remaining
sections of this course as well.
So this is kind of a foundational step that we need to take.
All right.
Thanks I'll see you in the next lecture.